# Design a system that mimic the yellow pages (telephone directory) 
- We store millions of customer name
    - their address and phone numbers in an alphabetical order
- create a system to store the information for the entire country 
- everyday there will be 1000s of customers newly added

## Lets make up some requirements
1. Look ups are based on the customer's full name (which may not be unique), not allowing partial ordered name look ups.
2. Look ups should be super fast (almost instant).
3. New entries should also be fast as they need to be synchronous.
4. Entries should be ordered lexicographically.
5. Scale to worldwide data.

## Implementation
- same as how dictionaries are implemented - using Tries
- At each node
    - we will store a list of all the customer ids for names that end in that character.
    - Data for each individual customer is stored in a SQL DB with key being customer id.
- Let's say there are 10 Billion entries. 
    - To calculate the size of the trie isn't easy 
    - but we know if it contains the link to 10 billion unique ids
    - we're representing each id with 8 bytes
        - we have 80 billion bytes of data
        - which is 80GB. 
- Let's assume 1 million unique names 
    - avg 15 characters. 
    - 15 million bytes -> 15 MB. 
- We need partial look ups
    - the unique names will have a parent node in the trie with 14 characters but lower count. 
    - We can assume roughly same number of words as we go up the trie, with maybe significant reduction at higher levels, it would be still remain in the <100 MB limit. 
    - So total size would still be around 80GB. 
- Safe to say we cannot keep this in server memory
    - can probably cache it in some in-memory cache like Redis. 
    - We can have different shards for different starting letters to reduce size of cache per character. 
    - We keep the trie node key as cache key and list of ids as data. 
    - The trie itself has a small memory footprint and can be stored without the IDs in memory to suggest possibly names once the user enters a partial name, to select.
- Once the users selects a name, we can fetch the customer ids from the redis cache and then all the customers data from the SQL DB from the ids.

**With this design, lets see if we can tackle the requirements**
- Final search based on full name look up
- Look ups are fast as trie data is small we can improve this by only suggest a few characters after what the user has typed based on available data which would limit search size to max of (26)^n where n is number of suggested characters.
- New entries are added to redis quickly based on key look up and to trie in constant time (log(height~15)).
- Entries are sorted in trees.
- Cache is shared based on first or first few characters. This will keep cache size small and allow for even higher scale than 10 billion entries. More sharing = more scale.
